This pixel character had no emotions and
I wanted to bring it to life. For
[music] example, we can animate blinking
manually easily. It's just a couple
pixels here and there. But once you want
real expressions like happy, angry or
shocked, doing that by hand gets
complicated fast. So instead of
animating first, I started by prompting
expressions. I used edit [music] image
to edit the face, changing only the eyes
and mouth while keeping the same style.
Same portrait, different emotions. Once
I had the expressions, I dropped each
one into animate [music] with text. Then
I prompted the different emotions and
what they should express. And bam, look
at that. Now, this isn't just static
pixel art. It's a character that can
react, emote, and feel all from one
portrait. Make sure to try this out at
pixelab.ai [music] AI and let us know
what you